c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Arduino_WCF.dll.config
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Arduino_WCF.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Arduino_WCF.pdb
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\bin\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\obj\Debug\Arduino_WCF.dll
c:\users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\obj\Debug\Arduino_WCF.pdb
C:\Users\fxavi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Arduino_Project\Arduino_WCF\obj\Debug\Arduino_WCF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
